marine iguanas takin too much salt with
their food but with the help of special
glands they sneeze it out
[Music]
they also welcome these resourceful
visitors sally lightfoot crabs like to
groom them for algae parasites and dead
skin
[Music]
lava lizards far smaller reptilian
relatives have found their own ingenious
ways to get by on this fierce shoreline
[Music]
they enjoy a special relationship with
the sea lions the lizard's rhythm of
flies which can be a ticklish nuisance
this sea lion accepts these predatory
lizards both benefit
survival depends on seizing every
opportunity in this volcanic wasteland
[Music]
you